Migrate Get-Package E2E coverage to Apex (#7452)
NuGet/NuGet.Client: .copilot/skills/apex-migration/SKILL.md

| Interaction surface | Apex file |
|---|---|
| `Get-Package` command scenarios (`-ListAvailable`, `-Updates`, `-Filter`, path source variants, prerelease behaviors) | `GetPackageTestCase.cs` |
| Other PMC commands (Install-Package, Update-Package, Uninstall-Package, Get-Project) | `NuGetConsoleTestCase.cs` |
| NuGet UI / Package Manager dialog | `NuGetUITestCase.cs` |
| IVsPackageInstaller / IVsServices API | `IVsServicesTestCase.cs` |
| Sync/binding redirect scenarios | `SyncPackageTestCase.cs` |
| Audit / vulnerability scenarios | `NuGetAuditTests.cs` |
| .NET Core project-creation / restore / source-mapping | `NetCoreProjectTestCase.cs` |

PMC tests for PackageReference projects still follow command-based placement. For `Get-Package`

> scenarios use `GetPackageTestCase.cs`; for other PMC commands use `NuGetConsoleTestCase.cs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests should go into a file scoped to the scenario/command they are testing.
For example, PMC tests for PackageReference projects follow command-based placement. 
For `Get-Package` scenarios use `GetPackageTestCase.cs.
For the installation/uninstallation/update PMC commands use `NuGetConsoleTestCase.cs`.
```
